bytes inside implicitly const-promoted expressions are immutable (#1554)
rust-lang/reference: src/behavior-considered-undefined.md

  All this also applies when values of these
  types are passed in a (nested) field of a compound type, but not behind
  pointer indirections.

> * Mutating immutable bytes. All bytes inside a [`const`] item are immutable, including implicitly [const-promoted] expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mutating immutable bytes. All bytes inside a [`const`] item or within an implicitly [const-promoted] expression are immutable.
```

Something like this might be clearer.  The "implicitly const-promoted expressions" are not in the set of things "inside const items", so saying "including" here is not quite right.

Author: Const promotion can be seen as creating const items, and then "including" makes sense... but maybe that kind of thinking is too implementation-focused. I applied your suggestions.

  The bytes owned by an immutable binding or immutable `static` are immutable, unless those bytes are part of an [`UnsafeCell<U>`].

  Moreover, the bytes [pointed to] by a shared reference, including transitively through other references (both shared and mutable) and `Box`es, are immutable;

>   transitivity includes those references stored in fields of compound types.

Reviewer: Let's remove this from the diff if there's not meant to be any change here.
